[Feature] artifacts-download-trigger Action (#19)
greenbone/actions: artifacts-download-trigger/README.md

# artifacts-download-trigger

> This action is used to trigger workflows and download artifacts form the workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is used to trigger workflows and download artifacts from another workflow.
```
